HL-325 (#38)
horse-link/contracts.horse.link: README.md

## Scripts

### hh:compile

Compiles the contracts with Hardhat

### hh:deploy

Runs the deployment script with the network set in `process.env.NETWORK`.

### hh:node

Starts a local hardhat node with the `localhost` network.

## Contracts

There are 5 main types of contracts along with supporting solidity libraries, which are located in the `/contracts` folder.

1. Token `Token.sol`
2. Vault `Vault.sol`
3. Market `Market.sol` and `MarketCurved.sol`
4. Oracle `MarketOracle.sol`
5. Registry `Registry.sol`

### Token

Horse Link issues 100m standard ERC20 tokens HL / Horse Link for its members to be used in the future as a DAO governance token, distribution of protocol fees and other member perks.

### Vaults

> The Vault contracts are ERC4626 contracts used to manage the underlying ERC20 assets of the LP Providers. They are used to store the assets of the users and to allow them to deposit and withdraw assets that get lent to Market contracts for a fee which is agreed upon in the `setMarket` function. The users are minted a ERC20 share that represents their share of the underlying assets in the Vault.

Reviewer: It sounds like assets are being withdrawn and lent directly to the market instead of to the user.

Author: Yes, that's correct.

> The following is a worked example on how the relationship between users' deposits and their shares work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a worked example of the relationship between users' deposits and shares.
```

1. Alice deposits 1000 DAI into the Vault and receives 1000 shares.
2. Bob deposits 1000 DAI into the Vault and receives 1000 shares.

| User  | Action  | Amount   | Shares | Total Assets | Total Shares |
| ----- | ------- | -------- | ------ | ------------ | ------------ |
| Alice | Deposit | 1000 DAI | 1000   | 1000 DAI     | 1000         |
| Bob   | Deposit | 1000 DAI | 1000   | 2000 DAI     | 2000         |

> The Vault is now holding 2000 DAI in "totalAssets". If Alice withdraws 500 shares, she will receive 500 DAI. Now, lets say a bet of 1800 DAI is placed on a market that is backed by the Vault at 1:1. The Vault will lend 1800 DAI to the market and have a total assets of 200 DAI and total exposure of 1800 DAI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Vault is now holding 2000 DAI in "totalAssets". If Alice withdraws 500 shares, she will receive 500 DAI. Now, let's say a bet of 1800 DAI is placed on a market that is backed by the Vault at 1:1. The Vault will lend 1800 DAI to the market. 200 DAI remain in the vault and it will have a total exposure of 1800 DAI.
```

3. Vault lends 1800 DAI to the market and has 200 DAI left in total assets.

| User  | Action  | Amount   | Shares | Total Assets | Total Shares |
| ----- | ------- | -------- | ------ | ------------ | ------------ |
| Alice | Deposit | 1000 DAI | 1000   | 1000 DAI     | 1000         |
| Bob   | Deposit | 1000 DAI | 1000   | 2000 DAI     | 2000         |
| Vault | Lend    | 1800 DAI | 0      | 200 DAI      | 2000         |

> While the bet is active, Alice can redeem her 1000 shares if she chooses so, but will but the exchange rate per share will be significantly lower than 1 DAI per share. Her share is represented by the following equation:

Reviewer: @bazmatic @bitcoinbrisbane @Mitchell139 is this still the case given recent changes?

Reviewer: @MikeyRobertson

| Bob   | Deposit | 1000 DAI | 1000   | 2000 DAI     | 2000         |

The Vault is now holding 2000 DAI in "totalAssets". If Alice withdraws 500 shares, she will receive 500 DAI. Now, let's say a bet of 1800 DAI is placed on a market that is backed by the Vault at 1:1. The Vault will lend 1800 DAI to the market. 200 DAI remain in the vault and it will have a total exposure of 1800 DAI.

3. Vault lends 1800 DAI to the market and has 200 DAI left in total assets.

| User  | Action  | Amount   | Shares | Total Assets | Total Shares |
| ----- | ------- | -------- | ------ | ------------ | ------------ |
| Alice | Deposit | 1000 DAI | 1000   | 1000 DAI     | 1000         |
| Bob   | Deposit | 1000 DAI | 1000   | 2000 DAI     | 2000         |
| Vault | Lend    | 1800 DAI | 0      | 200 DAI      | 2000         |

While the bet is active, Alice can redeem her 1000 shares if she chooses so, but will but the exchange rate per share will be significantly lower than 1 DAI per share. Her share is represented by the following equation:

```text
share = (totalAssets * shares) / totalShares
```

Eg:

```text
share = (200 * 1000) / 2000 = 100 DAI
```

> Upon redeeming the shares will be burnt and Alice share balance will be 0. The Vault will have 1100 DAI in total assets and 1000 shares.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Upon redeeming the shares will be burnt and Alice share balance will be 0. The Vault will have 100 DAI in total assets and 1000 shares.
```

4. Alice redeems 1000 shares for 100 DAI. Those shares are burnt.

| User  | Action  | Amount   | Shares | Total Assets | Total Shares |
| ----- | ------- | -------- | ------ | ------------ | ------------ |
| Alice | Deposit | 1000 DAI | 1000   | 1000 DAI     | 1000         |
| Bob   | Deposit | 1000 DAI | 1000   | 2000 DAI     | 2000         |
| Vault | Lend    | 1800 DAI | 0      | 200 DAI      | 2000         |
| Alice | Redeem  | 100 DAI  | (1000) | 100 DAI      | 1000         |

> The bet is now settled and the Vault has an exposure of 0 DAI and has made 1800 DAI on the losing bet. The total assets in the Vault are now 100 DAI. This would also hold true if the bet was a winning bet, and the market pays out the winning proposition.  The performance would be low as the bettor has one assets from the market.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The bet is now settled and the Vault has an exposure of 0 DAI and has made 1800 DAI on the losing bet. The total assets in the Vault are now 2000 DAI. This would also hold true if the bet was a winning bet, and the market pays out the winning proposition.  The performance would be low as the bettor has one assets from the market.
```

Reviewer 2: Actually, if they "made" 1800 DAI, wouldn't that mean that the market will transfer back a total of 3600 DAI?

| User   | Action  | Amount     | Shares | Total Assets | Total Shares |
| ------ | ------- | ---------- | ------ | ------------ | ------------ |
| Alice  | Deposit | 1000 DAI   | 1000   | 1000 DAI     | 1000         |
| Bob    | Deposit | 1000 DAI   | 1000   | 2000 DAI     | 2000         |

> | Vault  | Lend    | 1800 DAI   | 0      | 200 DAI      | 2000         |

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't `Back` come before `Settle`?

Author: They're atomic

| Carol  | Back    | 1800 DAI   | 0      | 0 DAI        | 0            |
| Market | Settle  | (3600) DAI | 0      | 200 DAI      | 2000         |
| Carol  | Settle  | 3600 DAI   | 0      | 3600 DAI     | 0            |

5. Vault settles the bet and has now 3700 DAI in total assets, while the total shares are still 1000 (HL-DAI).

| User   | Action  | Amount   | Shares | Total Assets | Total Shares |
| ------ | ------- | -------- | ------ | ------------ | ------------ |
| Alice  | Deposit | 1000 DAI | 1000   | 1000 DAI     | 1000         |
| Bob    | Deposit | 1000 DAI | 1000   | 2000 DAI     | 2000         |
| Vault  | Lend    | 1800 DAI | 0      | 200 DAI      | 2000         |
| Alice  | Redeem  | 100 DAI  | (1000) | 100 DAI      | 1000         |
| Market | Settle  | 3600 DAI | 0      | 3700 DAI     | 1000         |

> The Vault is now holding 3700 DAI in total assets and 1000 shares. If Alice redeems her shares, she will receive 370 DAI.

Reviewer 2: Alice has already redeemed her shares, back in Step 4, hasn't she?

Reviewer 2: She can't redeem. She has no shares.

Author: Fair.

> The perfomance of the Vault is the ratio of the shares to the assets. In the above example, the performance is 3700 DAI / 1000 shares \* 100 = 370% (3.7 DAI per share).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The perfomance of the Vault is the ratio of the shares to the assets. In the above example, the performance is 3700 DAI / 1000 shares * 100 = 370% (3.7 DAI per share).
```

#### Analysing a donation attack

> A donation attack is when a user deposits a large amount of assets into the Vault without incrementing the balance from the deposit function, skewing the ratio of assets to shares. https://forum.openzeppelin.com/t/erc4626-vault-implementation-for-totalassets-in-base-contract/29474. In our use case, we discuss the attempt for an attacker could attempt to place a large bet draining the vault, then deposit a large amount of assets into the Vault to skew the ratio of assets to shares.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A donation attack is when a user deposits a large amount of assets into the Vault without incrementing the balance from the deposit function, skewing the ratio of assets to shares. https://forum.openzeppelin.com/t/erc4626-vault-implementation-for-totalassets-in-base-contract/29474. In our use case, we discuss the the possibility that an attacker could attempt to place a large bet, draining the vault, then deposit a large amount of assets into the Vault to skew the ratio of assets to shares.
```

| User     | Action  | Amount    | Shares | Total Assets | Total Shares |
| -------- | ------- | --------- | ------ | ------------ | ------------ |
| Alice    | Deposit | 1000 DAI  | 1000   | 1000 DAI     | 1000         |
| Bob      | Deposit | 1000 DAI  | 1000   | 2000 DAI     | 2000         |

> | Vault    | Lend    | 1800 DAI  | 0      | 200 DAI      | 2000         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Attacker | Back    | 1800 DAI  | 0      | 2000 DAI     | 2000         |
| Vault    | Lend    | 1800 DAI  | 0      | 200 DAI      | 2000         |
```

| Attacker | Deposit | 10000 DAI | 10000  | 10200 DAI    | 10200        |

> | Market   | Settle  | 3600 DAI  | 0      | 3700 DAI     | 10200        |

Reviewer 2: Need a final line for the Attacker selling their shares.

In the above example, the Vault has 3700 DAI in total assets and 10200 shares. The performance of the Vault is 3700 / 10200 = 0.36.

> 

Reviewer 2: Need a final analysis on how the attacker did. Was it successful?

### Market

> Market contracts define the logic in which they calculate the odds per event or market. Our protocol offers two types of market contracts, where the odds slippage calculation is either on a linear decay or a non-linear decay. The linear decay market `Market.sol` is a simple market that calculates the odds based on the total assets in the Vault and the total exposure of the Vault. The non-linear decay market `MarketCurved.sol` is more complex and is more expensive to calculate the odds, but offers a odds to its caller.

Reviewer 2: Typo
> offers a odds to its caller.
